while dozens of people in West Jerusalem
have rallied outside the Israeli
president's residence calling for the
return of family members being held by
Hamas Israeli president Isaac herzo met
some of the families on Sunday they're
demanding that the government facilitate
the safe and immediate return of their
relatives 222 people were taken captive
by Hamas Fighters during the group's
offensive inside Southern Israel more
than two weeks
ago well one of them was Tel haimi and
I'm now joined by udig goren his cousin
he joins me from paos in Cyprus today
Udi thank you so much for your time with
us here on Al jazer let me start by
asking if you've had any news of your
cousin I I know his mobile phone signal
was tracked in Gaza at one point have
you heard about how he is anything over
the last few
days first of all thank you Nastasia for
letting me speak out on behalf of those
who can't sadly we haven't heard
anything from tal and right now he's
declared a hostage and and missing so
nothing is officially confirmed since he
his body hasn't been recovered he's not
in any of the Israeli hospitals so and
his throne was traced to Gaza then we
can only assume that uh that he is being
held hostage and hopefully still alive
UD I understand that tal has three
children is that right how are they and
the family they holding
that's they're devastated they're
devastated I mean the it's the general
sentiment I've heard the previous
reporter and I think she she pronounced
very well the sentiment in Israel people
are this is the darkest hour Israel has
had since its foundation and of course
you know every family impacted including
H's family are just horrified anxious um
you know his three kids don't understand
where their dad is gone his wife is is
you know worried sick that we don't know
and we're not even sure what's What's
the progress on bringing the hostages
back we keep hearing about the ground
Invasion but we don't hear about the
progress of how are they going to get
the hostages back
safely udy I have to ask you because
we've seen I've seen sitting in this
chair a lot of children who've been
killed in Gaza over the last couple of
weeks do you have an understanding of
how Tal's family is talking about what's
happening there how they're talking
about it with their
children I'm sorry do I understand how
they're mitigating the situation to the
children oh how how they're talking
about what's happening in Gaza right now
we we've seen so much violence in Gala
Gaza over the last 17 days how is the
family talking about it with the
children I don't believe that the the
families are talking about the
complexity of the situation in general
people are trying to keep the
children as you know as safe as possible
because aside from the trauma they've
heard they don't need to hear about the
capacity of this war they're not telling
them about what's happening in Israel
either I can tell you that among the
adult family members there is a
consensus that the war must stop it
doesn't matter if the people who are
being killed are gazan civilians or
they're Israeli civilians
the loss is equal the tragedy is equal
and the fact that both are not serving
neither us nor the Palestinians it is
only escalating the conflict and
definitely not leading to any resolution
not one single rocket fired from Gaza
onto Israeli hospitals or Israeli
Villages is going to advance the
resolution of this conflict and I don't
believe that any bombing of Gaza killing
any Palestinian civilian is is is
furthering the resolution of this
situation I think that the war must end
this should be the call on everybody's
lips it doesn't matter if your position
is that you support gazan civilians or
you support Kamas or if your position is
that you support Israel but if your
interest if People's interest is truly
to save gin's lives then the call should
be equal should be stop the war stop the
missile launchers from Gaza stop the
Israeli bombing and get immediate aid to
Gaza release the hostages because if
gazan civilians don't need to pay for
the atrocious crimes that Kamas
committed so don't Israeli civilians
need to pay for whatever crimes the uh
Israeli government has committed or
whatever claims there are about The
Siege and about the conflict and I you
know I have been a peace activist my
entire life I don't think there's any
difference between the value of a gazin
civilian and my own but if the calling
out goes only to free Gaza and end the
bombardment and you don't take into
account my pain and my safety and the
safety of my cousin who is a civilian
being held hostage right now by the
hands of Hamas then I believe the this
position is hurting the conflict it's
not helping Palestinians it's actually
hurting the cause and I think that we
could get together the people who are
truly truly interested in stopping this
conflict who don't want to see any more
deaths because right now in Gaza there's
a person con concerned about their
cousin just as much as I am I'm sure and
rightfully so and their pain is no less
than mine very very well said udy goren
there the cousin of talimi who is
currently being held captive by Hamas
calling for an end to this conflict
calling for an end to this war thank you
for joining us here on aler S and for
taking the time thank you for having me